{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red33\green34\blue36;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c17251\c17803\c18802;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One-Visit Crowns\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 CEREC\'ae technology allows our practice to create tooth-colored porcelain restorations for healthy, beautiful smiles in a single appointment.\
\
Crowns should be placed before the tooth is so decayed that it may fracture. This can often help prevent the expense of root canal therapy in the future. If a tooth is too damaged to have a crown applied, a porcelain bridge may be a good alternative.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Family Care\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 From toddlers to the elderly, our skilled dental team is familiar with the unique needs of every patient, no matter their age. Our goal is to help them develop great oral habits that will last them a lifetime.\
\
Join us today and discover how our practice can help treat your entire family.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Dental Implants\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Dental implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth, improving chewing ability, eliminating bridges, and replacing dentures.\
\
Several implants may provide a base for a series of artificial teeth known as a fixed bridge. Implants can even be used to secure a full set of removable dentures for people who have no remaining natural teeth.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 Invisalign\'ae\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 These \'93invisible\'94 aligners are the latest in orthodontic technology for adults and teens. Straight teeth and a revitalized smile no longer need to come from a mouth full of unattractive wire and bracket braces. Enhancing self-esteem and physical confidence, invisible braces offer an esthetic and barely visible alternative to conventional wire/bracket braces.\
\
Get the smile you've always wanted with Invisalign\'ae Orthodontics.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Cosmetic Dentures\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Do you wear dentures or have a mouthful of missing or failing teeth? Eat what you want again, smile, laugh, and look and feel years younger with our implant-supported dentures. The All-on-4\'ae dental implant procedure will allow you to get your implants and implant-supported replacement teeth in one day.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Sleep Apnea\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Obstructive sleep apnea occurs when the airway completely collapses, blocking airflow into the lungs. The harder one tries to breathe, the tighter the airway seals. This airway obstruction persists until the brain partially awakens the person, unconsciously closing the jaw and returning the tongue and throat to a normal position.\
\
We offer effective, nonsurgical relief from sleep apnea and other sleep-related disorders\'97including snoring. Ask us how you can get the restful, healthy sleep you\'92ve been missing.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa90\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Cosmetic Dentistry\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Cosmetic dentistry is one of the most cost-effective ways to improve your appearance. A beautiful, bright, healthy smile will increase self-confidence and overall life satisfaction. Cosmetic dentistry includes things like tooth-colored restorations, dental implants, and crowns. We have many options, so please call us today!}